feat: rework contract events page (#976)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch14-03-contract-events.md

# Contract Events

Events are a way for smart contracts to inform the outside world of any changes that occur during their execution. They play a critical role in the integration of smart contracts into real-world applications.

Technically speaking, an event is a custom data structure emitted by a smart contract during its execution and stored in the corresponding transaction receipt, allowing any external tool to parse and index it.

## Defining Events

The events of a smart contract are defined in an enum annotated with the attribute `#[event]`. This enum must be named `Event`.

```cairo,noplayground

> {{#include ../listings/ch14-building-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_events_example/src/lib.cairo:event}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/ch14-building-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_events_example/src/lib.cairo:event}}
```

```

> Each variant, like `BookAdded` or `FieldUpdated` represents an event that can be emitted by the contract. The variant data represents the data associated to an event. It could be a `struct` or an `enum`.
> 
> Each data structure used in events definition (`Event` enum included) must implement the derivable trait `starknet::Event`. This can be simply achieved by adding a `#[derive(starknet::Event)]` attribute on top of your data structure definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each variant, like `BookAdded` or `FieldUpdated` represents an event that can be emitted by the contract. The variant data represents the data associated to an event. It can be any `struct` or `enum` that implements the `starknet::Event` trait.
This can be simply achieved by adding a `#[derive(starknet::Event)]` attribute on top of your type definition.
```

In the previous example, because the `FieldUpdated` variant is annotated with `#[flat]`, when you emit a `FieldUpdated::Title` event, its name will be `Title` instead of `FieldUpdated`.
If you have more than 2 nested enums, you can use the `#[flat]` attribute on multiple levels.

## Emitting Events

Once you have defined your list of events, you want to emit them in your smart contracts. This can be simply achieved by calling `self.emit()` with an event data structure in parameter.

```cairo,noplayground
{{#include ../listings/ch14-building-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_events_example/src/lib.cairo:emit_event}}
```

To have a better understanding of what happens under the hood, let's see two examples of emitted events and how they are stored in the transaction receipt:

### Example 1: Add a book

In this example, we add a book with `id` = 42, `title` = 'Misery' and `author` = 'S. King' with the `add_book` function.

> ```cairo

Reviewer: It's a bit misleading because we will never end up calling this `add_book` entrypoint this way. I would remove the cairo line and just say that we send a transaction that invokes the `add_book` entrypoint with these parameters

  self.add_book(42, 'Misery', 'S. King');
```

If you read the "events" section of the transaction receipt, you will get something like:

```json
"events": [
    {
      "from_address": "0x27d07155a12554d4fd785d0b6d80c03e433313df03bb57939ec8fb0652dbe79",
      "keys": [
        "0x2d00090ebd741d3a4883f2218bd731a3aaa913083e84fcf363af3db06f235bc",
        "0x532e204b696e67"
      ],
      "data": [
        "0x2a",
        "0x4d6973657279"
      ]
    }
  ]
```

In this receipt:

- `from_address` is the address of your smart contract,
- `keys` contains the key fields of the emitted `BookAdded` event, serialized in an array of `felt252`.

> - The first key `0x2d00090ebd741d3a4883f2218bd731a3aaa913083e84fcf363af3db06f235bc` is the selector of the event name, which is the variant name in the `Event` enum, so `selector!("BookAdded")`,
> - The second key `0x532e204b696e67 = 'S. King'` is the `author` field of your event as it has been defined using the `#[key]` attribute,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The first key `0x2d00090ebd741d3a4883f2218bd731a3aaa913083e84fcf363af3db06f235bc` is the selector of the event name, which is the variant name in the `Event` enum, so `selector!("BookAdded")`,
  - The second key `0x532e204b696e67 = 'S. King'` is the `author` field of your event as it has been defined using the `#[key]` attribute,
```

indentation for layout
